JS treats arrays as objects so it provides us a whole bunch of predefined methods which
make working with arrays easier.

Based upon their working we can divide these methods into the following:

Methods for ADDING new ELEMENTS in ARR 
Methods for REMOVING new ELEMENTS in ARR 
Methods for COPYING array ELEMENTS
Methods for SEARCHING in ARR
Methods for TRANSFORMING an ARR

Methods for ADDING new ELEMENTS in ARR:
push(): adds one or more elements to the end of an ARR, and returns
the new length of ARR 

unshift(): adds one or more elements to the beginning of an array,
and returns the new length of the array 

//theres also splice() btw

Methods for REMOVING new ELEMENTS in ARR:
pop(): Removes the last element from an array and returns that element.
shift(): Removes the first element from an array and returns that element.

//splice() can do 4 things -> 1 add 2 remove 3 insert 4 replace

splice(): changes the contents of an array by remocing or replacing existing
elements and/or adding new elements.

splice can have n amount of args as you want

Syntax: 
arr.splice(start[,deletCount,elem1, ..., elemN]);

slice(): returns a copy of a portion of an array into a new array object selected from
start to end-1 where start and end represent the index items in that array.

splice() vs slice()

changes     no change
arr         to arr
mutable     immutable 

slice() syntax:

arr.slice(start[,end]);

concat(): returns a new array containing items of calling array joined with other array(s)
and/or value(s).

Syntax:
arr.slice(arg1,arg2, ...);

of():
Newly added by ES6, it is a static method, and creates a new Array instance from the given arguments.

of() is a static method, therefore it is used via the Array() type.

Like arr = new Array() is a way to construct an empty array.

Array.of("cherry") is used to construct an array with stuff inside it. stuff being 1 element "cherry"

let arr = new Array.of("cherry");

A method like this exists called from() and it is used in DOM programming.
Used like Array.from().

fill(): in the array, it fills all the values that are in the array's size and sets them as the 
argument passed inside.
let arr = [0,30,589,32];
ex: arr.fill(400);
now inside arr is [400,400,400,400];

includes(): added by ES7 this method determines whether an array includes a certain value among
entries returning true or false as appropriate after searching the array.

indexOf(): returns the first index of the specified item or -1 if element is not found.
The start value is optional and indicates the 
starting index of the search. It's default value is 0.
Syntax:
indexOf(item, start)

sort(): This method sorts the array after converting the elements into strings and comparing them
the default is ascending. //its in place,alters arr when called 

reverse(): reverses an array in place and returns the reference to the same array, the first array
element now becoming the last, and last becoming the first //its in place 
meaning it alters the arr

join([symbol]):

ex: 
let fruits = ["apple","fruits","banana"];
let str = fruits.join(); -> "apple,fruits,banana";

str = fruits.join(-); -> "apple-fruits-banana";

toString(): createsand returns a new string by concatenating all of the
elements of the array, seperated by commas.

whenever you write anything inside document.write(var);

var.toString() is silently being called.

Just like toString() is called in Java's println(), the same way
toString() is called in document.write() in JS.

This in JS is called prototype inheritance

ES2022 introduced this->at(index) method

at(index): takes an integer value and returns the item at that index,allowing for positive
and negative indexing.

ONLY WORKS ES2022 onwards.
So you can check if your browser supports it by going to caniuse.com 
and searching the thing u want like search: at()

most IMPORTANT METHODS ARE THESE:

forEach()
map()
reduce()
filter()

but you can only study these after learning callbacks first
only these are used in REACT